we have here and it's that the bun
has spoken out
[Music]
the things
information that I received yesterday okay that
is very important
this I would especially like to see a
tweet from Kiko Hernandez for example
I would like to see a tweet from Kiko
Hernandez
messing with Telecinco for begging
okay I don't know if he will post it or if he will
forget but I would like Kiko
Hernandez to publish a message to his boss
criticizing him for begging because well
because it turns out that to watch
Docushare since the
second season premieres tomorrow it's not that you have to
become a
member on my TV that costs you three
euros a month no no no there are
several categories
okay within my Tele Plus there are several
categories
well the three euro one is not worth it the
three euro one is not worth it you have to
do the four or the five
in fact I think it's the 5 I think it's
the 5 that you have to do I
think it's the 5 that you have to
do
but it hasn't happened what happened what
are you there arguing with the links that he
posted read it  I'll
show you, read it, a little alms, no dad,
my TV, I'll give you a little alms so you
can watch Alaska racists, your series,
no
[Music]